Step 1: Connect your phone using USB Cable, just in charging mode.
Step 2: Press (Windows Key + X), and click on Device Manager from the list.
Step 3: In device manager window, we can see a list of device drivers. Expand "Portable Devices" and you can see your phone name is listed.
Step 4: Right click on your phone name and select "Update Driver". Click on "Search Automatically for Updated Driver Software". This will install latest USB Device Driver for your phone. Now close device manager window.
Step 5: Download "ADB Binary" Software for windows 10 from below link :
			https://www.xda-developers.com/google-releases-separate-adb-and-fastboot-binary-downloads/
			Scroll down and click on "Windows" on the web page. This will download the "ADB Binary". Extract it wherever you want.
Step 6: Now on your phone. Go to settings, go to about phone. Find the build number and tap on it 5-6 times. This will enable developer options on your phone. Now find the developer options in settings and tap on it. Find the "USB Debugging" options and enable it.
Step 7: Now change the USB charging mode to "Transfer Files Mode".
Step 8: Go to parent folder of ADB Binary. And copy the path.
Step 9: Open command prompt with administrator privilege. And type command
			cd "paste the path you copied without quotes" and hit enter.
Step 10: Download AppInspector App in your phone from play store.
Step 11: Now on the command prompt, type command
			adb devices
			This command will try to install your device. Check your phone a notification will appear asking permission. Allow it.
Step 12: Now run the above command again. Now you can see some serial number of your device.
Step 13: Now run the command
			adb shell
			This will change the cmd to terminal mode.
Step 14: Now open the AppInspector app on your phone and select the app you want to un-install. You can see details about that app. Note down the package name. For example : com.something.something
Step 15: On terminal, enter below command
			pm uninstall -k --user 0 com.something.something
			Boom, you'll see success message. Check your phone. That app is gone.
			
Note: This process doesn't require rooting of your phone. Hence you can still get updates from the manufacturer. Beware of package name you give to above command. If you uninstall any critical system app or setting your device may freeze, and then you have to reset your phone to bring it to normal. The above process doesn't permanently delete the system apps from phone, but it free-ups the storage space they acquire and deleted apps cached into some folder on your phone. If you want the deleted apps back, you can do factory data reset. And your phone will be back to initial stage.
Thanks for reading :)